1) What is your favorite programming language and why?

I don't think there is a favorite, but I could categorize it was the following:

1. I have a lot of respect for C++ in-terms of the naunce with which it allows
you to dynamically manage memory and object-oriented structure it supports. In terms of the control it offers over each and every aspect through declerations, type setting. I'd say it is the richest of all languages I've worked with. It gives you sneek-peek in terms of what is happening behind the curtains when you program in other languages.

2. I really enjoy the abstraction Python offers, allowing you to break-free from the tedious-ness or microness of having to implement low-level functionality i.e. slicing/memory management. I mean don't mean get me wrong, I
don't mean to say that having an understanding of those things isn't important, but not having to deal with it all the time is a luxury and allows you to be a lot more experimental. Also explains why it is used so much in research.

2) What are your hobbies outside of academics?

I enjoy playing the piano for leisure. You may find some of my cover's here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfdMaXD4H79dw1CSkWSLSYA. I run a weather forecasting page on facebook, where I make forecast for my home city: https://www.facebook.com/TheWeatherEnthusiast. Recently, I haven't been active on it owing to other priorities, nonetheless, it is an interest of mine and I have been trying to connect it my engineering journey in interesting ways (I'm taking some courses on Meteorology here at ASU and working on a project in that direction). Beyond that, I like taking out some time for working out, running, or reading a book.

3) What is your favorite movie?

About Time

4) What are your favorite science or engineering related YouTube channels?

ElectroBOOM

5) What is your favorite circuit simulator and why? (LTSpice, PLECS, QUCS, ADS, etc.)

Simulink, and then perhaps LTSpice. I have the impression although Simulink isn't always as granular as something like LTSpice for circuit simulation, but I enjoy the UI of Simulink more than others if I can simulate on it. 